capital = 9620

set_oob = "FRE_1936"

starting_train_buffer = 2

# set_naval_oob = "FRA_1936_naval_legacy"
set_war_support = 0.75

# set_air_oob = "FRA_1936_air_legacy"
set_technology = {
	early_fighter = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
}

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
add_command_power = 20

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_technology = {
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	basic_heavy_tank = 1
	improved_light_tank = 1
}

set_technology = {
	early_submarine = 1
	basic_submarine = 1
	early_destroyer = 1
	basic_destroyer = 1
	early_light_cruiser = 1
	basic_light_cruiser = 1
	early_heavy_cruiser = 1
	basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
	early_battleship = 1
	early_battlecruiser = 1
	basic_battlecruiser = 1
	early_carrier = 1
	transport = 1
}

set_convoys = 300


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 0
	fascism = 100
	neutrality = 0
	communism = 0
}

add_ideas = {

}

recruit_character = FRA_philippe_petain
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_thorez
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_laval
recruit_character = FRA_edouard_daladier
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = FRA_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = FRA_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = FRA_antoinemariebenoit_besson
recruit_character = FRA_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = FRA_henri_giraud
recruit_character = FRA_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = FRA_gastonhenri_billotte
recruit_character = FRA_henry_freydenberg
recruit_character = FRA_rene_olry
recruit_character = FRA_francois_darlan
recruit_character = FRA_jeanmarie_charles_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jeanpierre_esteva
recruit_character = FRA_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = FRA_denis_guillaumat
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_fequant
recruit_character = FRA_victor_denain
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = FRA_jean_decoux
recruit_character = FRA_jean_marie_bergeret
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_gensoul
recruit_character = FRA_martial_valin
recruit_character = FRA_rene_emile_godfroy
recruit_character = FRA_joseph_vuillemin
recruit_character = FRA_henri_marie_auguste_bineau
recruit_character = FRA_louis_kahn
recruit_character = FRA_robert_odic
recruit_character = FRA_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = FRA_emile_muselier
recruit_character = FRA_frederic_irene_joliot_curie
recruit_character = FRA_alfred_heurtaux
recruit_character = FRA_rene_prioux
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_alombert_goget
recruit_character = FRA_gaston_henry_haye
recruit_character = FRA_georges_bonnet
recruit_character = FRA_philippe_henriot
recruit_character = FRA_paul_reynaud
recruit_character = FRA_pierre_pucheu
recruit_character = FRA_charles_tillon
recruit_character = FRA_vincent_auriol
recruit_character = FRA_rene_massigli
recruit_character = FRA_charles_maurras
recruit_character = FRA_zivony_peshkov
recruit_character = FRA_roger_salengro
recruit_character = FRA_leon_blum
recruit_character = FRA_felix_gouin
recruit_character = FRA_paul_baudouin
recruit_character = FRA_maurice_gauche
recruit_character = FRA_jacques_duclos
recruit_character = FRA_marcel_bucard

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
### Ship Variants ###
create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "630 Series"
	type = submarine_1
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
		sub_engine_upgrade = 1
		sub_stealth_upgrade = 1
		sub_torpedo_upgrade = 1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Redoutable Class"
	type = submarine_1
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
		sub_engine_upgrade = 2
		sub_stealth_upgrade = 2
		sub_torpedo_upgrade = 2
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Chacal Class"
	type = destroyer_1
	upgrades = {
		ship_torpedo_upgrade = 1
		destroyer_engine_upgrade = 1
		ship_ASW_upgrade = 1
		ship_anti_air_upgrade = 1
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Aigle & Vauquelin Class"
	type = destroyer_1
	upgrades = {
		ship_torpedo_upgrade = 2
		destroyer_engine_upgrade = 2
		ship_ASW_upgrade = 2
		ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
	}
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Bretagne Class"
	type = battleship_1
	upgrades = {
		ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
		ship_armor_upgrade = 1
		ship_gun_upgrade = 1
	}
}
